[DOCS] Logging 5.8.0 Release Notes (#66871)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-release-notes-5-8-0.adoc

//module included in logging-5-8-release-notes.adoc
:content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0_{context}"]
= Logging 5.8.0
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:6134[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.8.0].

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-enhancements"]
== Enhancements

> * With this update, you can have finer control over access to workload logs in the LokiStack. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3841[LOG-3841])

Reviewer: Suggestion for LOG-3841 - 'With this update, LokiStack administrator can have more fine grained control over who accesses what logs by granting access to logs on a namespace basis.'

> * With this update, you can configure the alerting rules based on log records by using LogQL.

Reviewer: Suggestion for LOG-3548 
'With this update, OpenShift Application owners can receive notifications for application logs-based alerts on the same OpenShift Console Alerts view as with metrics'

(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3548[LOG-3548])

> * With this update, The Loki Operator provides `PodDisruptionBudget` resources for LokiStack that determines the minimum number of pods that must be available per component to ensure normal operations. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3839[LOG-3839])

Reviewer: Just some wording change on LOG-3839
The Loki Operator introduces PodDisruptionBudget configuration on LokiStack deployments to ensure normal operations during OCP cluster restarts by keeping ingestion and query path available.

> * With this update, you can control the Loki component on cluster nodes to improve performance and resilience by applying a set of default affinity and anti-affinity policies.

Reviewer: Just wording rephrase
With this update, Reliability of existing LokiStack installations are seamlessly improved by applying a set of default Affinity/Anti-Affinity polices.

* With this update, you can deploy multiple, isolated, and RBAC-protected `ClusterLogForwarder` custom resource (CR) instances in any namespace. This allows independent groups to forward desired logs to any destination and also separates logging groups to interfere with another configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1343[LOG-1343])

* With this update, you can manage zone-aware data replication as an administrator in LokiStack, in order to enhance reliability and also store logs in the event of a zone failure. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3266[LOG-3266])

* With this update, you can enable the Logging Console Plugin when Elasticsearch is the default Log Store. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3856[LOG-3856])

* With this update, you can use the flow control or rate limiting mechanism to limit the volume of log data that can be collected or forwarded by dropping excess log records. The input limits prevent badly-behaved containers from overloading the {logging-uc} and the output limits put a ceiling on the amount of log data stored. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-884[LOG-884])

> * With this update, you can select a Loki deployment size based on log volume and expected query usage, in order to properly size the infrastructure nodes pool. You can manage an entry-level or a high-scale LokiStack setups for your {product-title} clusters. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4329[LOG-4329])

Reviewer: For LOG-4329
With this update, a new supported small-scale LokiStack size of 1x.extra-small is introduced for OCP clusters hosting a few workloads and smaller ingestion volumes (upto 100GB/day).

Well it's actually not new but was a test instance now being moved to production support on 5.8 onwards :)

Reviewer: This looks to have been reverted?

* With this update, you can configure the log collector to look for HTTP connections and receive logs as an HTTP server, also known as a webhook. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4562[LOG-4562])

* With this update, you can forward Kubernetes and OpenShift API server events in accordance with audit logging policies. The policies are now associated with audit log inputs in the `ClusterLogForwarder`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3982[LOG-3982])

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-known-issues"]
== Known Issues

> * Currently, there is a flaw in handling multiplexed streams in the HTTP/2 protocol where you can repeatedly make a request for a new multiplex stream and immediately send an `RST_STREAM` frame to cancel it. This created extra work for the server setting up and tearing down the streams, resulting in a denial of service due to server resource consumption.

Reviewer 2: Can you add the below bugs as known issue.
```
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4706
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4403
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3933
```

Author: Sure! On it.

Author: @anpingli As discussed, will need some more information on the bugs to document as Known Issue. I have also included both the errata links in the PR. Let me know if that looks okay to you.

Reviewer 3: @cahartma / @jcantrill / @Clee2691 - Please provide text for the above Known Issues, using this format: 

```
There is currently a known issue <present tense explanation> under <X conditions>.

Workaround: <workaround>.
```

//module included in logging-5-8-release-notes.adoc
:content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0_{context}"]
= Logging 5.8.0
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:6139[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.8.0] and link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:6134[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.8.0 Kibana].

> 

Reviewer 3: Please add the following: 
```

== Deprecation notice
In Logging 5.8, Elasticsearch, Fluentd, and Kibana are deprecated and are planned to be removed in Logging 6.0, which is expected to be shipped alongside {product-title} version 4.16. Red Hat will provide critical and above CVE bug fixes and support for these components during the current release lifecycle, but these components will no longer receive feature enhancements. The Vector-based collector provided by the Cluster Logging Operator, and LokiStack provided by the Loki Operator are the preferred operators for log collection and storage.  We encourage all users to adopt the Vector and Loki log stack, as this will be the stack that will be enhanced going forward.
```

Author: Done! Thanks Libby.

Reviewer 3: @shreyasiddhartha - Thank you!  We may need to change the wording of this, need to check in with Jamie before a merge is requested to check.

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-enhancements"]
== Enhancements

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-log-collection"]
=== Log Collection

> * With this update, you can deploy multiple, isolated, and RBAC-protected `ClusterLogForwarder` custom resource (CR) instances in any namespace. This allows independent groups to forward desired logs to any destination and also separates logging groups to interfere with another configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1343[LOG-1343])

Reviewer 4: This allows independent groups to forward logs to any destination while isolating their configuration from other collector deployments

Reviewer 4: Following up from slack... we could add something akin to what @abrennan89 added for upgrade which is basically:

if you want this feature enabled in namespaces outside of "openshift-logging", you must redeploy the CLO.

Reviewer 5: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/66749/files#diff-b64c3b494ef8d8bd86630f2b657d4f8967f8b1a43ed456a880f1472b35556ef4R25 for reference

Author: Fixed this. @abrennan89 I have also added the "Important" note in the RNs from your reference.

> * With this update, you can use the flow control or rate limiting mechanism to limit the volume of log data that can be collected or forwarded by dropping excess log records. The input limits prevent badly-behaved containers from overloading the {logging-uc} and the output limits put a ceiling on the amount of log data stored. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-884[LOG-884])

Reviewer 4: ...and the output limits put a ceiling on the rate of logs shipped to a given data store

> * With this update, a new supported small-scale LokiStack size of 1x.extra-small is introduced for OCP clusters hosting a few workloads and smaller ingestion volumes (upto 100GB/day). (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4562[LOG-4562])

Reviewer: The notes for LOG-4562 is not correct. It corresponds to the LOG-4329 epic under Log Storage.

Author: Fixed this! Thanks for pointing it out.

> * With this update, you can forward Kubernetes and OpenShift API server events in accordance with audit logging policies. The policies are now associated with audit log inputs in the `ClusterLogForwarder`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3982[LOG-3982])

Reviewer 4: With this update, you can configure audit polices to control which Kubernetes and OpenShift API server events are forwarded by the log collector.

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-log-storage"]
=== Log Storage
* With this update, LokiStack administrator can have more fine grained control over who accesses what logs by granting access to logs on a namespace basis. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3841[LOG-3841])

> * With this update, OpenShift Application owners can receive notifications for application logs-based alerts on the OpenShift Developer Console view. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3548[LOG-3548])

Reviewer: I think LOG-3548 can be moved under Log Console since as a feature user is more likely to interact with Dev Console/UI.

//module included in logging-5-8-release-notes.adoc
:content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0_{context}"]
= Logging 5.8.0
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:6139[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.8.0] and link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:6134[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.8.0 Kibana].

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-deprecation-notice"]
== Deprecation notice

> In Logging 5.8, Elasticsearch, Fluentd, and Kibana are deprecated and are planned to be removed in Logging 6.0, which is expected to be shipped alongside {product-title} version 4.16. Red Hat will provide critical and above CVE bug fixes and support for these components during the current release lifecycle, but these components will no longer receive feature enhancements. The Vector-based collector provided by the Cluster Logging Operator, and LokiStack provided by the Loki Operator are the preferred operators for log collection and storage.  We encourage all users to adopt the Vector and Loki log stack, as this will be the stack that will be enhanced going forward.

Reviewer 6: I think it's best to avoid mentions of a specific OCP release that hasn't been released yet, and to be general if you can:
```suggestion
In Logging 5.8, Elasticsearch, Fluentd, and Kibana are deprecated and are planned to be removed in Logging 6.0, which is expected to be shipped alongside a future release of {product-title}. Red Hat will provide critical and above CVE bug fixes and support for these components during the current release lifecycle, but these components will no longer receive feature enhancements. The Vector-based collector provided by the Cluster Logging Operator, and LokiStack provided by the Loki Operator are the preferred operators for log collection and storage.  We encourage all users to adopt the Vector and Loki log stack, as this will be the stack that will be enhanced going forward.
```

In my suggestion, I kept the future logging version # since it's probably worth giving a notice that specific, but I felt that mentioning OCP 4.16 would tie us down a little too much. 

[Here's the RHSSG rule](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#statements-about-the-future:~:text=Do%20not%20refer%20to%20a%20specific%20future%20release.%20For%20example%2C%20do%20not%20mention%20a%20particular%20release%20number%20or%20a%20specific%20release%20date.) about how we shouldn't mention future versions. Right below that rule is a note saying that deprecation notices are an exception, although I think the "have to specify a future release" refers to something like a legal requirement. So if there's no legal requirement making the mention of OCP 4.16 here necessary, or proof that this will ship alongside 4.16 with 100% certainty, I'd just leave it as "a future release".

**If you wish to keep the version references as is, please provide a PM ack somewhere clearly visible on this PR.** Thanks!

Author: @libander Should we specify the release number? Or mark it as a future release as @skopacz1 and @abrennan89 suggested.

Author: Discussed the change with Jamie. I'm keeping the change. Thanks! :)

> In Logging 5.8, Elasticsearch, Fluentd, and Kibana are deprecated and are planned to be removed in Logging 6.0, which is expected to be shipped alongside {product-title} version 4.16. Red Hat will provide critical and above CVE bug fixes and support for these components during the current release lifecycle, but these components will no longer receive feature enhancements. The Vector-based collector provided by the Cluster Logging Operator, and LokiStack provided by the Loki Operator are the preferred operators for log collection and storage.  We encourage all users to adopt the Vector and Loki log stack, as this will be the stack that will be enhanced going forward.

Reviewer 6: Some other nits for this line, an extra space and uncapitalized Operator:
```suggestion
In Logging 5.8, Elasticsearch, Fluentd, and Kibana are deprecated and are planned to be removed in Logging 6.0, which is expected to be shipped alongside {product-title} version 4.16. Red Hat will provide critical and above CVE bug fixes and support for these components during the current release lifecycle, but these components will no longer receive feature enhancements. The Vector-based collector provided by the Cluster Logging Operator, and LokiStack provided by the Loki Operator are the preferred Operators for log collection and storage. We encourage all users to adopt the Vector and Loki log stack, as this will be the stack that will be enhanced going forward.
```

> In Logging 5.8, Elasticsearch, Fluentd, and Kibana are deprecated and are planned to be removed in Logging 6.0, which is expected to be shipped alongside a future release of {product-title}. Red Hat will provide critical and above CVE bug fixes and support for these components during the current release lifecycle, but these components will no longer receive feature enhancements. The Vector-based collector provided by the Cluster Logging Operator, and LokiStack provided by the Loki Operator are the preferred Operators for log collection and storage. We encourage all users to adopt the Vector and Loki log stack, as this will be the stack that will be enhanced going forward.

Reviewer 7: I don't think you need the comma here.
```suggestion
In Logging 5.8, Elasticsearch, Fluentd, and Kibana are deprecated and are planned to be removed in Logging 6.0, which is expected to be shipped alongside a future release of {product-title}. Red Hat will provide critical and above CVE bug fixes and support for these components during the current release lifecycle, but these components will no longer receive feature enhancements. The Vector-based collector provided by the Cluster Logging Operator and LokiStack provided by the Loki Operator are the preferred Operators for log collection and storage. We encourage all users to adopt the Vector and Loki log stack, as this will be the stack that will be enhanced going forward.
```

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-enhancements"]
== Enhancements

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-log-collection"]
=== Log Collection
* With this update, you can deploy multiple, isolated, and RBAC-protected `ClusterLogForwarder` custom resource (CR) instances in any namespace. This allows independent groups to forward desired logs to any destination while isolating their configuration from other collector deployments. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1343[LOG-1343])

> 

Reviewer 6: If the admonition below applies to the bullet item on line 16, add a + symbol here so that it's correctly indented below the bullet item:
```suggestion
+
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
In order to support multi-cluster log forwarding in additional namespaces other than the `openshift-logging` namespace, you must update the Cluster Logging Operator to watch all namespaces. This functionality is supported by default in new Cluster Logging Operator version 5.8 installations.
====

> * With this update, you can use the flow control or rate limiting mechanism to limit the volume of log data that can be collected or forwarded by dropping excess log records. The input limits prevent badly-behaved containers from overloading the {logging-uc} and the output limits put a ceiling on the rate of logs shipped to a given data store. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-884[LOG-884])

Reviewer 6: I'm assuming that "badly-behaved containers" is the technical term for these naughty instances of software? 😂 

In any case, if you can replace "badly-behaved" with some other phrasing that doesn't [anthropomorphize](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-anthropomorphism) the container as much, I'd suggest using that instead.

Author: @skopacz1  How about "poorly-performing" containers? Please feel free to suggest any other phrase that suits better. :)

* With this update, you can configure the log collector to look for HTTP connections and receive logs as an HTTP server, also known as a webhook. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4562[LOG-4562])

* With this update, you can configure audit polices to control which Kubernetes and OpenShift API server events are forwarded by the log collector. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3982[LOG-3982])

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-log-storage"]
=== Log Storage

> * With this update, LokiStack administrator can have more fine grained control over who accesses what logs by granting access to logs on a namespace basis. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3841[LOG-3841])

Reviewer 6: Some grammar nits:
```suggestion
* With this update, LokiStack administrators can have more fine-grained control over who can access which logs by granting access to logs on a namespace basis. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3841[LOG-3841])
```

> * With this update, the Loki Operator introduces `PodDisruptionBudget` configuration on LokiStack deployments to ensure normal operations during {product-title} cluster restarts by keeping ingestion and query path available. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3839[LOG-3839])

Reviewer 6: Should there be an article here?
```suggestion
* With this update, the Loki Operator introduces `PodDisruptionBudget` configuration on LokiStack deployments to ensure normal operations during {product-title} cluster restarts by keeping ingestion and the query path available. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3839[LOG-3839])
```

> * With this update, the reliability of existing LokiStack installations are seamlessly improved by applying a set of default Affinity/Anti-Affinity policies.

Reviewer 6: I'd remove the slash unless the policies are labeled that way in the UI or elsewhere:
```suggestion
* With this update, the reliability of existing LokiStack installations are seamlessly improved by applying a set of default Affinity and Anti-Affinity policies.
```

See [ISG guidance on slashes](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-slashes) for more context

(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3840[LOG-3840])

* With this update, you can manage zone-aware data replication as an administrator in LokiStack, in order to enhance reliability in the event of a zone failure. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3266[LOG-3266])

> * With this update, a new supported small-scale LokiStack size of 1x.extra-small is introduced for {product-title} clusters hosting a few workloads and smaller ingestion volumes (upto 100GB/day). (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4329[LOG-4329])

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* With this update, a new supported small-scale LokiStack size of 1x.extra-small is introduced for {product-title} clusters hosting a few workloads and smaller ingestion volumes (up to 100GB/day). (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4329[LOG-4329])
```

> * With this update, the LokiStack administrator has access to an official Loki dashboard to inspect storage performance and health of each component. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4327[LOG-4327])

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* With this update, the LokiStack administrator has access to an official Loki dashboard to inspect storage performance and the health of each component. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4327[LOG-4327])
```

Author: I have changed this to ... to inspect **the** storage performance and **the** health of each component.

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-log-console"]
=== Log Console
* With this update, you can enable the Logging Console Plugin when Elasticsearch is the default Log Store. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3856[LOG-3856])

> * With this update, OpenShift Application owners can receive notifications for application logs-based alerts on the OpenShift Developer Console view. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3548[LOG-3548])

Reviewer: @shreyasiddhartha Could we add one more minor text to the release note for LOG-3548
"With this update, OpenShift Application owners can receive notifications for application logs-based alerts on the OpenShift Developer Console view **for OCP version 4.14 and greater**"

> * With this update, OpenShift Application owners can receive notifications for application logs-based alerts on the OpenShift Developer Console view for {product-title} version 4.14 and greater. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3548[LOG-3548])

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
* With this update, OpenShift Application owners can receive notifications for application-log-based alerts on the OpenShift Developer Console view for {product-title} version 4.14 and greater. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3548[LOG-3548])
```

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-known-issues"]
== Known Issues

> * Currently, there is a flaw in handling multiplexed streams in the HTTP/2 protocol where you can repeatedly make a request for a new multiplex stream and immediately send an `RST_STREAM` frame to cancel it. This created extra work for the server setting up and tearing down the streams, resulting in a denial of service due to server resource consumption. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4609[LOG-4609])

Reviewer: This CVE seems to have been verified and closed. Any idea why it is under 'known' issues?

Author: @kabirbhartiRH Please let me know if you want me to remove this CVE from RNs.

Reviewer 3: @kabirbhartiRH - Docs does not decide which bugs go into the release notes, engineering does. Docs does not track the resolution status of bugs engineering has indicated go into the release notes, so if they close before release notes go out, we would need to be notified by engineering to remove them, Docs would not remove a bug from the release notes on our own.

> * Currently, there is a flaw in handling multiplexed streams in the HTTP/2 protocol where you can repeatedly make a request for a new multiplex stream and immediately send an `RST_STREAM` frame to cancel it. This created extra work for the server setting up and tearing down the streams, resulting in a denial of service due to server resource consumption. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4609[LOG-4609])

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
* Currently, there is a flaw in handling multiplexed streams in the HTTP/2 protocol, where you can repeatedly make a request for a new multiplex stream and immediately send an `RST_STREAM` frame to cancel it. This created extra work for the server setting up and tearing down the streams, resulting in a denial of service due to server resource consumption. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4609[LOG-4609])
```

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
* Currently, there is a flaw in handling multiplexed streams in the HTTP/2 protocol where you can repeatedly make a request for a new multiplex stream and immediately send an `RST_STREAM` frame to cancel it. This created extra work for the server that set up and tore down the streams, resulting in a denial of service due to server resource consumption. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4609[LOG-4609])
```

> * Currently, when using  FluentD as the collector, the collector pod cannot start on the {product-title} IPv6 enabled cluster. The pod logs throw `fluentd pod [error]: unexpected error error_class=SocketError error="getaddrinfo: Name or service not known` error. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4706[LOG-4706])

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
* Currently, when using  FluentD as the collector, the collector pod cannot start on the {product-title} IPv6-enabled cluster. The pod logs throw `fluentd pod [error]: unexpected error error_class=SocketError error="getaddrinfo: Name or service not known` error. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4706[LOG-4706])
```

Reviewer 7: Per the ISG
```suggestion
* Currently, when using  FluentD as the collector, the collector pod cannot start on the {product-title} IPv6 enabled cluster. The pod logs produce the `fluentd pod [error]: unexpected error error_class=SocketError error="getaddrinfo: Name or service not known` error. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4706[LOG-4706])
```

> * Currently, `must-gather` cannot gather any logs on the FIPS enabled cluster, as the required OpenSSL library is not available in the `cluster-logging-rhel9-operator`. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4403[LOG-4403])

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Currently, `must-gather` cannot gather any logs on a FIPS enabled cluster, as the required OpenSSL library is not available in the `cluster-logging-rhel9-operator`. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4403[LOG-4403])
```

> * Currently, `must-gather` cannot gather any logs on a FIPS enabled cluster, as the required OpenSSL library is not available in the `cluster-logging-rhel9-operator`. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4403[LOG-4403])

Reviewer 7: Per the ISG
```suggestion
* Currently, `must-gather` cannot gather any logs on a FIPS enabled cluster, because the required OpenSSL library is not available in the `cluster-logging-rhel9-operator`. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4403[LOG-4403])
```

> * Currently, when deploying logging 5.6.5 on a FIPS enabled cluster, the collector pods cannot start and are stuck in `CrashLoopBackOff` status, while using FluentD as a collector. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3933[LOG-3933])

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Currently, when deploying Logging 5.6.5 on a FIPS enabled cluster, the collector pods cannot start and are stuck in `CrashLoopBackOff` status, while using FluentD as a collector. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3933[LOG-3933])
```

> * Currently, the log alert is not available on an IPv6 enabled cluster. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4709[LOG-4709])

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
* Currently, the log alert is not available on an IPv6-enabled cluster. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4709[LOG-4709])
```

Reviewer 7: Would it make sense to keep the FIPS-enabled and IPv6-enabled issues together?

Author: @yes it would look clean. :) Made this change. Thanks!

[IMPORTANT]
====
In order to support multi-cluster log forwarding in additional namespaces other than the `openshift-logging` namespace, you must update the Cluster Logging Operator to watch all namespaces. This functionality is supported by default in new Cluster Logging Operator version 5.8 installations.
====

* With this update, you can use the flow control or rate limiting mechanism to limit the volume of log data that can be collected or forwarded by dropping excess log records. The input limits prevent badly-behaved containers from overloading the {logging-uc} and the output limits put a ceiling on the rate of logs shipped to a given data store. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-884[LOG-884])

* With this update, you can configure the log collector to look for HTTP connections and receive logs as an HTTP server, also known as a webhook. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4562[LOG-4562])

> With this update, you can configure the log collector to look for HTTP connections and receive logs as an HTTP server, also known as a webhook.

Reviewer 8: Duplicated with the point above

* With this update, you can configure audit polices to control which Kubernetes and OpenShift API server events are forwarded by the log collector. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3982[LOG-3982])

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-0-log-storage"]
=== Log Storage
* With this update, LokiStack administrator can have more fine grained control over who accesses what logs by granting access to logs on a namespace basis. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3841[LOG-3841])

* With this update, the Loki Operator introduces `PodDisruptionBudget` configuration on LokiStack deployments to ensure normal operations during {product-title} cluster restarts by keeping ingestion and query path available. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3839[LOG-3839])

* With this update, the reliability of existing LokiStack installations are seamlessly improved by applying a set of default Affinity/Anti-Affinity policies.
(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3840[LOG-3840])

> * With this update, you can manage zone-aware data replication as an administrator in LokiStack, in order to enhance reliability and also store logs in the event of a zone failure. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3266[LOG-3266])

Reviewer 8: nit: I feel like this is clearer
```suggestion
* With this update, you can manage zone-aware data replication as an administrator in LokiStack, in order to enhance reliability in the event of a zone failure. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3266[LOG-3266])
```

Author: Included both your comments. Thank you!
